How is that possible?
ask you
Only the righteous can approach God
Aren't you the sect master of the Demon Sect?
Demon Sect is evil
You even more so
You seduce men
100 names per person, the door is fake, right?
What the hell do you know?
Our suzerain is the right person of the Demon Sect for thousands of years
Don't touch men
Since he served as the sect master of the Demon Sect
The Demon Sect changed its name to the Holy Sect and then mentioned the killing
Practice swords with hundreds of names every day
Killing 100 chickens a day is also the most
Our sect master is the famous Gu Ji Sword God
Born eight generals
Legend has it that the nine elephants can open the door to the treasure
That's not possible.
Will the gate be opened then?
The Sword King's Treasure
It was about to be opened by a demon girl
Demon witch
Who are you?